Add snippet on difference between different existing resource strategies (#2678)
dotnet/docs-aspire: docs/azure/integrations-overview.md

.NET Aspire provides support for referencing existing Azure resources. You mark an existing resource through the `PublishAsExisting`, `RunAsExisting`, and `AsExisting` APIs. These APIs allow developers to reference already-deployed Azure resources, configure them, and generate appropriate deployment manifests using Bicep templates.

> Existing resources referenced with these APIs can be enhanced with role assignments and other customizations that are available via Aspire's [infrastructure as code capabailities](#infrastructure-as-code). These APIs are limited to Azure resources that can be deployed with Bicep templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existing resources referenced with these APIs can be enhanced with role assignments and other customizations that are available with .NET Aspire's [infrastructure as code capabilities](#infrastructure-as-code). These APIs are limited to Azure resources that can be deployed with Bicep templates.
```
